>Name: Drunken Buddies

>Title: Drunken Buddies:

>Statement:

Scrappy and Coco are best friends. Recently, Coco has received a new hair cut and they have decided to drink until the sun goes up!.

After the tremendous party, Scrappy and Coco are so drunk that they start to travel in the subway system (wich have a form of a tree) in random order, 
but after a while they
are back in central station. They traveled in the following way: 
First, start at the central station. 
Second, pick a subway line at random and jump aboard the subway train. 
Thrid, in the station, they pick one of the subway lines they have not yet travelled on. If there is none left to explore at 
their current station, they take the subway line back on which they first came to the  current station, 
until they eventually have travelled along all of the lines twice, 
once for each direction. 
Fourth, they are back at the central station.

Scrappy and Coco decided to travel in separated ways and record the "goes" and the "backs" in the following way: GGBGGBBBGBGGBGBB. 
G means that they travel away from the central station, and B means that they travel back to the central station. 
This travel was done by Scrappy and represents the following diagram:

xxxxxxxxxxxxx

But Coco records this: GBGGBGBBGGBGGBBB this secuence represents the same trip, just in another order.

Scrappy and Coco ask for your help to write a program that given two travel sequences determine if the sequence can represent
the same subway system. 


>Input Format:

On the first line of input is a single positive integer n, telling the number of test scenarios to follow.

Each test scenario consists of two lines, each containing a string of the characters 'G' and 'B' 
of length at most 3000, both describing a correct exploration tour of a subway tree system.

>Output Format:

The output should contain one lines, that show 
 the text "same drunken trip." if the two strings may represent the same trip 
in the subway system, or the text "different drunken trip." if the trips cannot be the same.


>Sample Input:
2
GGBGGBBBGBGGBGBB
GBGGGBBGBBGGBGBB
GBGGBGBBGGBGGBBB
GGBBGGGBBBGBGBGB

>Sample Output:

Case #1
same drunken trip.
Case #2
different drunken trip.

>Category: Graphs-Search

>Dificulty: Medium.